# Antonio-ECEC-ECE2112-Experiment1
#### general summaries of each problem. see main code for a more detailed breakdown
## Alphabet Soup Problem
#### For this problem, I figured that it would be easier to use the .sort function already built-in for list data-types. The general flow of this program would be, first, to take the string input from the user, convert each letter to an item on a single list, use .sort to sort them alphabetically, and then finally conver it back to a single comibned string.
## Emoticon Problem
#### When I first tried to solve this problem, I wanted to use a dictionary to reference the equivalent of each word to their respective emoticon instead of just using a bunch of IF-ELSE statements that will make the code block clunkier. It will also be easier to edit the code in the future should one decide to add more emoticons. However, I realized that I had to find a way to reference each individual key of that "library" to each individual words on that single string. Provided of what was taught so far in module 1, I figured that I would separate the string into individual words by finding the space and then just simply slicing the characters before it thus getting an individual word. These words are then placed on a list, and from there, the code would check the words. If a word matches a key on the library, then it replaces it with the defined emoticon.
#### Now I could do all that....
#### but it would be easier if I just used the .find function for strings (which was not mentioned in module 1 but it was in the python cheat sheet so...). Using this function, I can just make a loop that checks if a key exists on the given text then replace it.
## Unpacking List Problem
#### For this problem, I started off by taking the indeces of the first and last item on any given list. For the first item index, its simply just 0. However, getting the last index required me to make a loop that will read each item on the list and marks how many times it passes over each item. Since I started the count from -1, the last mark of the loop will already yield the index of the last item. After getting the first and last indices, I used a while loop to add each entry after the first index up until the second to the last index.
